Day four of running seven marathons on
all seven continents and today we're in
Abu Dhabi. The fatigue of these
marathons [music] is clearly impacting
everyone. Nick, what does your watch say
today? My watch is telling me rest, no
workout due to excessive fatigue.
Not only are these marathons [music] in
incredibly taxing environments, but also
we're resting and getting ready on a
plane.
>> Today I'm having pancakes and Nutella. I
love Nutella. I'm literally so
happy with my Nutella. What?
So hot. I feel like I have [music] a
fever and I'm sweating so much. I have
decided that I think the word marathon
is a synonym for ego death. I started to
fall behind so I knew I needed to
[music] find a buddy to help me keep
pace and that's when I met Adrian. How's
the pace? Shout out Adrian because
I would not have been able to do this
today without his incredible spirit.
Hello to me family. Yes.
>> My Flora. My little army daughter.
Callan and Shona. She's your soul mate.
Yeah. Love you. Adrian was making me
laugh so much it completely distracted
me from all of the suffering and [music]
honestly thanks to him I made it across
the fourth finish line. And as the sun
set in Abu Dhabi it was time to board
our plane for marathon five. After we
just ran four marathons in a row and now
I have to climb a piece of stairs to go
to our bed. Next up, Portugal. Follow to
see how that goes.